I'll tell you what's wrong with me
tonight I'm feeling betrayed i taked off
one of my dogs
I've got two dogs and one of them went
crazy this morning I mean absolutely mad
mad that was like a bipolar every sort
of something I get to the furniture at
all the the fence around the the pool
the childproof fence went right through
it
Riggs Richard the we through it it's
meant to be brief um you know that's not
it go right through me I don't know what
maybe it's not getting enough fence and
it's diet minutes trying to escape
because I have two dogs and I've been
watching them the last couple of days of
walking around with letting dirt out
their pants
like The Great Escape and I you know I
trying to say to them there has never
been a successful escape from the
Ferguson compound I kind of knew that
dogs were unhappy I think it you know
when the dogs are mad and they do odd
things I know the dogs have been unhappy
last couple of nights one of them's been
playing the harmonica plaintively maybe
right though my dog was trying to get
through to the pool she's a very good
swimmer a very fast swimmer swims very
fast when she shaved I shave I'm not
making this up we get pictures of my dog
so we can't bring out a pigeon there's
my dogs right we've seen enough
oh no you don't know them do I see a
picture again the one the one on the
right hand side the kind of things you
know shifty-looking one the one that
burrow woods through
she seemed angry I think the dogs angry
I think they do that when they're angry
I don't know why they're angry I'm good
to my dogs the big dogs but they have a
big yard to plan I I hate to see people
when they have big big animals and the
appropriate living spaces if you've got
a tiny studio apartment you should not
have a giraffe or a tiger or any of
those things but I've got a yard the dot
I also feel betrayed by this dog this
dog is supposed to be my best friend
right I feed it a house that I close it
but I'm done let no more little doggie
sweaters are coming this way that one
needs a little doggie straitjacket it's
like having a little funny schizophrenic
person with claws living in your house
she's out of control the dog actually
needs therapy I think let's try it you
can get pet therapy in LA you can't I
know that sounds crazy most people but
you know it's LA
then the dog just lays on the couch or
in this dog's case it chooses the couch
the pieces now I've had these dogs for
six years I find them outside a coffee
shop they're kind of mutts you know they
were bumming lattice from passers-by and
they've always been a constant source of
embarrassment to me even though names
the the the named after of Simba and
Nala from The Lion King
that's the name stop doing that old
thing you don't know about China tell
you maybe that's why they're angry I
have dogs may have named after big cats
and the dogs are very stereotypical
gender rules that the big boy dog is
very kind of lazy and fast he and he he
takes takes big dumps all over the yard
I don't know where he learned that I do
not take big dumps all over my the girl
dog is is very emotional and have to
destroy everything I don't I don't know
where she learned that
no I started it
my ex-wife is a lovely woman for legal
reasons I it's like the end of a drug
commercial when I say that isn't it my
ex-wife's lovely woman for legal reasons
she's lovely from the greens I I've got
a long history with these dogs though
you know one of these well these dogs
have had for six years but I've always
had dogs I like dogs I like hanging out
with dogs when I was drinking I was kind
of a dog myself one of the one of the
best dogs ever had I was on I had been
on a bender for about three days and I
was going home eventually you've got to
and I'm walking down the street and I
was still kind of toasted there was like
7 a.m. and that's crazy can a real
really mad dog like got a boat that came
up to me and I had some candy in my
pocket because I gave some candy to the
dog and it's tough to follow me it was a
stray dog had no collar it looked kind
of dirty and everything and I got on a
bus to go home and this dog got on the
bus next to me and and sat in the seat
next to me on the bus and this was the
time in Glasgow when the buses had
conductors on the buses so the conductor
comes up and says that 78 pence for you
and forty-three pence for your dog I
said he's not my dog I'm gonna pin from
he said you pay for the dog or you a bus
get off the bus I'm not in the mood
disco so it I paid for the doggy came
wants me I love with that dog for seven
years really and we and we were crazy
we'll like Sid and Nancy me in this dog
I've got a thing with dogs I like my I'm
just you know when dogs go mad they come
to my house I do love animals I had lots
of pace as a child I had a goldfish
named Goldie oh yeah it's very original
I that goldfish live nine years and
they're great and it grew to be huge but
a certain point you know it really got
big that their carp that's what they are
and it got really big those goldfish so
it eventually it's not a page dinner and
they're tasty
you didn't know the fish it was happy he
was happy to die for that now I didn't
eat my goldfish don't be absurd no I
didn't I I wish had a guinea pig named
Olga have you yet you know we're guinea
pig eyes right it's like a big fat rat
with teeth like that and I don't know
why I was named Olga I think it was Olga
Korbut the Russian gymnast I think it
was named after her because it was very
good at the wheel apparently I don't
think they have the wheel in the
Olympics though do they they should they
should have people running on the wheel
why not they be people run a boat with
big ribbons
favorite favorite player I ever had was
a turtle but he also betrayed me I
escaped I had a turtle it escaped over a
period of several months
my turtle escaped no I think it fell I
was rushing it was trying to go where
there is no pet like a dog though so I'm
gonna give my dog now on the benefit of
the doubt if you're watching tonight
Nala I'm not mad at you I'm mad at what
you did now get off the damn couch a
grungy flea-ridden bastard I'm kidding I
love you let's start the show